# Sidekick Assist

Sidekick Assist is a bot built on top of the [Sidekick](https://clashsidekick.com/) bot for Clash of Clans. It uses data pulled by Sidekick and create summary digest for clan feed and clan war feed. **The bot is still currently under-development**. If you have any questions or want to get in touch, create a post under 'Issues' 

 - **Version**: work-in-progress
 - **Status**: public bot unavailable
 - **License**: GPL v3

To use this bot, your discord server must have

 - invited Sidekick
 - have some data already generated by Sidekick's clan feed and war feed (depending on which commands/functions you want to use)

You need the following Python libraries (again the bot is currently not public, so if you are really keen to try it out, get in touch in the Issues section)

 - pip install -U discord.py
 - pip install python-dotenv


## Commands and functions

### ?warmiss \[from_channel\] \[to_channel\]

All parameters are mandatory and must not contain space characters. This command sets up the war missed attack feature for your clan. It processes Sidekick war feed, extracts missed attacks at the end of each war, and then post it to another channel. The Sidekick war feed contains a lot of information, which makes it difficult to track missed attacks. This is why we implement this function to extract that information.

 - \[from_channel\]: this must be the target channel that configured for your Sidekick bot to send your clan's war feed
 - \[to_channel\]: the channel where you want all missed attacks from every war to be posted

### ?clandigest \[from_channel\] \[to_channel\] \[clan_name]
All parameters are mandatory and must not contain space characters. This command is used to summarise Sidekick clan feed in the **current** season. The starting date of the season is extracted from the Sidekick clan feed. 
Before running this command, you should run Sidekick command `/best number:50` to create the most recent clan top 50 gainers. This is because Sidekick Assist will need to process that data. 
The command will do the following things:

 - Tally each member's activity count for the current season. This is done by extracting data from Sidekick's clan feed, which include things like: upgrade completion, league promotion, unlocks, super troop boosts, etc. 
 - Tally the clan's total loot (gold, elixir, DE), donations, and raids
 - Outputs all the above data

Parameters:
 - \[from_channel\]: this must be the target channel that configured for your Sidekick bot to send your clan feed
 - \[to_channel\]: the channel where you want the summary to be posted
 - \[clan_name\]: name of your clan. This does not have to exactly match your clan name.